gh-105002: [pathlib] Fix relative_to with walk_up=True using ".." (#107014)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-07-22-12-53-53.gh-issue-105002.gkfsW0.rst

> Fix PurePath.relative_to function with walk_up=True parameter when other path contains  `..` component(s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix invalid result from :meth:`PurePath.relative_to` method when attempting to walk
a "``..``" segment in *other* with *walk_up* enabled. A :exc:`ValueError` exception
is now raised in this case.
```

Author: Thanks, it reads better.
